and a lot easier than a look at the
cross Africa it looks as if it may have
gone down in thick bush just so now
behind there please these are massive
animals weigh the equivalent of up to
six large cars and they can seriously
injure themselves as they crash amongst
trees and rocks they must be down just
over here about 50 meters we're now
gonna go find it okay okay we shall fast
it moves just like us the less time the
animal is unconscious the less likely it
is to suffer from the after-effects of
an anesthetic the tranquilizer has done
its work the bull is out for the count
somebody grab the collar one of you
Jamie can you go and get the collar it
up there just just up the way we came
my god it's amazing I've got the collar
here pretty heavy think the animal is
fallen against the tree and it's tusks
are stuck pendrick is struggling to get
the collar under its massive neck as it
snores blissfully unaware of what's
going on they decide to attach ropes and
get the Rangers to help pull it down the
hill all five tons of unconscious bull
elephants
so ever faster here than a chance you
move up turn the elephant over almost
impossible too heavy stuck on an awkward
part of the bank as a last resort they
now decide to push instead of Paul
Baffler is shattered worried the animals
been injured really we just don't
understand there's a reason for those
large ears laced with arteries and veins
they help keep elephants cool to keep
the bull from overheating
Abner bathes and with water analysis of
tail hair gives clues to diet and
behavior not bad track knees care at
this stage they're still trying to grab
their breath finally Hendrik manages to
get the GPS collar on to track the
animals movements what an experience for
their trainees because you don't get
this close to such a majestic beasts
that often mean sadly after know when I
should be playing rugby back all this
time but the elephant's breeding is
becoming shallow and it's vital the
antidote is administered immediately
once injected the animal will be awake
in under five minutes so I suggest chaps
you're not there when it does wait we've
got to get out of here now because this
elephant's gonna wake up he's gonna be
three
fed up you'll be pleased to know this
one makes a textbook recovery and is
quickly on its feet amazing best thing
I've ever done
scariest thing I've ever done there but
it was like really emotional I've got a
soft spot for Elephants as well say yeah
it was quite emotional but amazing
experience we're in a little bit